the sin of Judah is written with a pen
the sin of Judah is written with a pen of iron with the point of a diamond it
of iron with the point of a diamond it
of iron with the point of a diamond it is engraved on the tablet of their heart
is engraved on the tablet of their heart
is engraved on the tablet of their heart and on the horns of your altars while
and on the horns of your altars while
and on the horns of your altars while their children remember their altars and
their children remember their altars and
their children remember their altars and their wooden images by the green trees
their wooden images by the green trees
their wooden images by the green trees on the high hills oh my mountain in the
on the high hills oh my mountain in the
on the high hills oh my mountain in the field I will give as plunder your wealth
field I will give as plunder your wealth
field I will give as plunder your wealth all your treasures and your high places
all your treasures and your high places
all your treasures and your high places of sin within all your borders and you
of sin within all your borders and you
of sin within all your borders and you even yourself shall let go of your
even yourself shall let go of your
even yourself shall let go of your heritage which I gave you and I will
heritage which I gave you and I will
heritage which I gave you and I will cause you to serve your enemies in the
cause you to serve your enemies in the
cause you to serve your enemies in the land which you do not know for you have
land which you do not know for you have
land which you do not know for you have kindled a fire in my anger which shall
kindled a fire in my anger which shall
kindled a fire in my anger which shall burn forever thus says the Lord cursed
burn forever thus says the Lord cursed
burn forever thus says the Lord cursed is the man who trusts in man and makes
is the man who trusts in man and makes
is the man who trusts in man and makes flesh his strength whose heart departs
flesh his strength whose heart departs
flesh his strength whose heart departs from the Lord for he shall be like a
from the Lord for he shall be like a
from the Lord for he shall be like a shrub in the desert and shall not see
shrub in the desert and shall not see
shrub in the desert and shall not see when good comes but shall inhabit the
when good comes but shall inhabit the
when good comes but shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness in a
parched places in the wilderness in a
parched places in the wilderness in a salt land which is not inhabited blessed
salt land which is not inhabited blessed
salt land which is not inhabited blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord and
is the man who trusts in the Lord and
is the man who trusts in the Lord and whose hope is the Lord for he shall be
whose hope is the Lord for he shall be
whose hope is the Lord for he shall be like a tree planted by the waters which
like a tree planted by the waters which
like a tree planted by the waters which spreads out its roots by the river and
spreads out its roots by the river and
spreads out its roots by the river and will not fear when Heath comes but its
will not fear when Heath comes but its
will not fear when Heath comes but its leaf will be green and will not be
leaf will be green and will not be
leaf will be green and will not be anxious in the year of drought nor will
anxious in the year of drought nor will
anxious in the year of drought nor will cease for meal DHing fruit the heart is
cease for meal DHing fruit the heart is
cease for meal DHing fruit the heart is deceitful above all things and
deceitful above all things and
deceitful above all things and desperately wicked who can know it
desperately wicked who can know it
desperately wicked who can know it I the LORD search the heart
I the LORD search the heart
I the LORD search the heart I test the mind even to give every man
I test the mind even to give every man
I test the mind even to give every man according to his ways according to the
according to his ways according to the
according to his ways according to the fruit of his doings as a partridge the
fruit of his doings as a partridge the
fruit of his doings as a partridge the broods but does not have so is he who
broods but does not have so is he who
broods but does not have so is he who gets riches but not by right it will
gets riches but not by right it will
gets riches but not by right it will leave him in the midst of his days and
leave him in the midst of his days and
leave him in the midst of his days and at his end he will be a food a glorious
at his end he will be a food a glorious
at his end he will be a food a glorious high throne from the beginning is the
high throne from the beginning is the
high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary Oh Lord the hope
place of our sanctuary Oh Lord the hope
place of our sanctuary Oh Lord the hope of Israel all who forsake you shall be
of Israel all who forsake you shall be
of Israel all who forsake you shall be ashamed
ashamed
ashamed those who depart from me shall be
those who depart from me shall be
those who depart from me shall be written in the earth because they have
written in the earth because they have
written in the earth because they have forsaken the Lord the fountain of living
forsaken the Lord the fountain of living
forsaken the Lord the fountain of living waters heal me O Lord and I shall be
waters heal me O Lord and I shall be
waters heal me O Lord and I shall be healed
healed
healed save me and I shall be saved for you are
save me and I shall be saved for you are
save me and I shall be saved for you are my praise indeed they say to me where is
my praise indeed they say to me where is
my praise indeed they say to me where is the word of the Lord let it come now as
the word of the Lord let it come now as
the word of the Lord let it come now as for me I had not heard you away from
for me I had not heard you away from
for me I had not heard you away from being a shepherd who follows you nor
being a shepherd who follows you nor
being a shepherd who follows you nor have I desired the woeful day you know
have I desired the woeful day you know
have I desired the woeful day you know what came out of my lips it was right
what came out of my lips it was right
what came out of my lips it was right there before you do not be a terror to
there before you do not be a terror to
there before you do not be a terror to me you are my hope in the day of doom
me you are my hope in the day of doom
me you are my hope in the day of doom let them be ashamed who persecute me but
let them be ashamed who persecute me but
let them be ashamed who persecute me but do not let me be put to shame
do not let me be put to shame
do not let me be put to shame let them be dismayed but do not let me
let them be dismayed but do not let me
let them be dismayed but do not let me be dismayed bring on them the day of
be dismayed bring on them the day of
be dismayed bring on them the day of doom and destroy them with double
doom and destroy them with double
doom and destroy them with double destruction thus the Lord said to me go
destruction thus the Lord said to me go
destruction thus the Lord said to me go and stand in the gate of the children of
and stand in the gate of the children of
and stand in the gate of the children of the people by which the kings of Judah
the people by which the kings of Judah
the people by which the kings of Judah come in and by which they go out and in
come in and by which they go out and in
come in and by which they go out and in all the gates of Jerusalem
all the gates of Jerusalem
all the gates of Jerusalem and say to them hear the word of the
and say to them hear the word of the
and say to them hear the word of the Lord you kings of Judah and all Judah
Lord you kings of Judah and all Judah
Lord you kings of Judah and all Judah and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem who
and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem who
and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem who enter by these gates thus says the Lord
enter by these gates thus says the Lord
enter by these gates thus says the Lord take heed to yourselves and bear no
take heed to yourselves and bear no
take heed to yourselves and bear no burden on the Sabbath day nor bring it
burden on the Sabbath day nor bring it
burden on the Sabbath day nor bring it in by the gates of Jerusalem nor carry a
in by the gates of Jerusalem nor carry a
in by the gates of Jerusalem nor carry a burden out of your houses on the Sabbath
burden out of your houses on the Sabbath
burden out of your houses on the Sabbath day nor do any work but hallow the
day nor do any work but hallow the
day nor do any work but hallow the Sabbath day as I commanded your father's
Sabbath day as I commanded your father's
Sabbath day as I commanded your father's but they did not obey nor incline their
but they did not obey nor incline their
but they did not obey nor incline their ear but made their neck stiff that they
ear but made their neck stiff that they
ear but made their neck stiff that they might not hear nor receive instruction
might not hear nor receive instruction
might not hear nor receive instruction and it shall be if you heed me carefully
and it shall be if you heed me carefully
and it shall be if you heed me carefully says the Lord to bring no burden through
says the Lord to bring no burden through
says the Lord to bring no burden through the gates of this city on the Sabbath
the gates of this city on the Sabbath
the gates of this city on the Sabbath day
day
day but hallow the Sabbath day to do not
but hallow the Sabbath day to do not
but hallow the Sabbath day to do not work in it then shall enter the gates of
work in it then shall enter the gates of
work in it then shall enter the gates of the city kings and princes sitting on
the city kings and princes sitting on
the city kings and princes sitting on the throne of David riding in chariots
the throne of David riding in chariots
the throne of David riding in chariots and armed forces they and their princes
and armed forces they and their princes
and armed forces they and their princes accompanied by the men of Judah and the
accompanied by the men of Judah and the
accompanied by the men of Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem and this city
inhabitants of Jerusalem and this city
inhabitants of Jerusalem and this city shall remain forever and they shall come
shall remain forever and they shall come
shall remain forever and they shall come from the cities of Judah and from the
from the cities of Judah and from the
from the cities of Judah and from the places around Jerusalem from the land of
places around Jerusalem from the land of
places around Jerusalem from the land of Benjamin and from the lowland from the
Benjamin and from the lowland from the
Benjamin and from the lowland from the mountains and from the South bringing
mountains and from the South bringing
mountains and from the South bringing burnt offerings and sacrifices grain
burnt offerings and sacrifices grain
burnt offerings and sacrifices grain offerings and incense bringing
offerings and incense bringing
offerings and incense bringing sacrifices of praise to the house of the
sacrifices of praise to the house of the
sacrifices of praise to the house of the Lord but if you will not heed me to
Lord but if you will not heed me to
Lord but if you will not heed me to hallow the Sabbath day such as not
hallow the Sabbath day such as not
hallow the Sabbath day such as not carrying a burden when entering the
carrying a burden when entering the
carrying a burden when entering the gates of Jerusalem on the Sabbath
gates of Jerusalem on the Sabbath
gates of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day then I will Kindle a fire in its
day then I will Kindle a fire in its
day then I will Kindle a fire in its gates and it shall devour the palaces of
gates and it shall devour the palaces of
gates and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem and it shall not be quenched